c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\bin\Debug\BanksSystem.exe.config
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\bin\Debug\BanksSystem.exe
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\bin\Debug\BanksSystem.pdb
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\obj\Debug\BanksSystem.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\obj\Debug\BanksSystem_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\obj\Debug\BanksSystem_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\obj\Debug\BanksSystem.g.resources
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\obj\Debug\BanksSystem.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\obj\Debug\BanksSystem.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\obj\Debug\BanksSystem.exe
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\obj\Debug\BanksSystem.pdb
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\obj\Debug\SignInPage.g.cs
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\obj\Debug\SignInPage.baml
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\obj\Debug\MainPage.baml
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\obj\Debug\SignUpPage.g.cs
c:\users\сикировт\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\obj\Debug\SignUpPage.baml
C:\Users\СикировТ\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\СикировТ\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\СикировТ\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
C:\Users\СикировТ\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\obj\Debug\ExchangeRatePage.g.cs
C:\Users\СикировТ\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\obj\Debug\ExchangeRatePage.baml
C:\Users\СикировТ\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\bin\Debug\JsonFiles.dll
C:\Users\СикировТ\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BanksSystem\BanksSystem\bin\Debug\JsonFiles.pdb
